The software requirement: (  If projected  the data must be readable.  On a 10x10 projection screen  90% of viewers must be able to read Event / Activity data from a viewing distance of 30 )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: (  If projected  the data must be understandable. On a 10x10 projection screen  90% of viewers must be able to determine that Events or Activities are occuring in current time from a viewing distance of 100 )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall ensure that it can only be accessed by authorized users.  The product will be able to distinguish between authorized and unauthorized users in all access attempts )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall be intuitive and self-explanatory.  :  90% of new users shall be able to start the display of Events or Activities within 90 minutes of using the product. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The system shall be used by realtors with no training. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The system shall be intuitive and self explanatory. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall be easy for a realtor to learn. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall use symbols and words that are naturally understandable by the realtor community. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall be installed by an untrained realtor   without recourse to separately-printed instructions. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( 90% of untrained realtors shall be able to install the product on their device without printed instructions )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( Only registered realtors shall be able to access the system. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( Every user of the system shall be authenticated and authorized. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall prevent its data from incorrect data being introduced. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The system shall be easy to use by the Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( All of the users shall be able to use the system after one day of training. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The system shall help the user avoid making mistakes while scheduling classes and clinicals for the nursing students. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The number of mistakes noted by the students shall be decreased by 50% in the first year. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The system shall be intuitive to the Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( 2 out of 3 Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members shall successfully be able to use the system to manage the scheduling of classes and clinicals. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The system shall use symbols and words that are naturally understandable by the user community. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The verbiage used within the system shall be consistent with Standard English and the terminology of the national Nursing Community. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( Only authorized users shall have access to clinical site information. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members are the only people who shall have access to clinical site details. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( Only authorized users shall have access to students? personal information. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( Dr Susan Poslusny and Dr Julie Donalek are the only people who shall have access to students? personal information. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( Only authorized users shall have access to the portion of the system that interfaces with CampusConnect. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( Fit Criterion: Dr Susan Poslusny and Karen Sysol are the only people who shall have access to the final class section scheduling for the system that interfaces with CampusConnect. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The system shall have basic data integrity checking to reduce the possibility of incorrect or invalid data being introduced. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The system shall protect private information in accordance with the organization?s information policy. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The system shall be built such that it is as secure as possible from malicious interference. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The system shall use the organization?s standard virus protection software to help monitor threats to itself. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The list of dispute cases that are displayed after a search is performed must be color coded for easy identification of dispute cases based upon the dispute case status. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( 100% of the cardmember and merchant services representatives shall use the Disputes application regularly after a 2-day training course. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( 100% of cardmember services representatives shall be able to successfully create a dispute case on the first encounter after completing the training course. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( 100% of merchant services representatives shall be able to successfully perform a follow up action on a dispute case on the first encounter after completing the training course. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The Disputes application shall ensure that only users with the appropriate access level are allowed to initiate dispute requests. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( Only users with Update access must be able to initiate dispute requests. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The Disputes application shall ensure that only authorized users are allowed to logon to the application. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: (  All authorized users  once authenticated must be able to logon to the Disputes System )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The Disputes System shall generate a User Report that details any new users that have been added and any changes to an existing user?s access level.  The report will be reviewed for auditing purposes. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( All additions of new users and modifications to user?s access shall be recorded on the User Report. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: (  If a user account is revoked  it can only be re-instantiated by the System Administrator. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( Only the System Administrator shall be able to reset a revoked user logon account )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The Disputes application shall manipulate and view business data. Users will not have direct access to data files or databases. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( All updates to data files or database must be initiated from the Disputes System. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall be easy to use by Adjusters and Collision Estimators.  95% of Adjusters and Collision Estimators shall find the product easy to use. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall increase productivity of Collision Estimators. 80% of the Collision Estimators shall agree their productivity has increase within 1 month of using the product. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( Users shall feel satisfied using the product.  85% of all users will be satisfied with the product. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall be easy to learn by Adjusters and Collision Estimators.  The product shall be learned with two days onsite training )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The user shall easily locate instructions while using the product.  User help can be found within 90% of the system. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( Only adjusters can request recycled parts audit reports. No users without an adjuster role shall request recycled parts audits. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( Only adjusters with a supervisor role can update preferred repair facility ratings. Users without the supervisor role cannot access the repair facility ratings. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( Only collision estimators shall search for recycled parts.  Users without the collision estimator role shall not have access to the search for recycled parts. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( Only valid data shall be entered into the system.  No invalid data shall be entered into the system. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( One insurance company shall not be able to view another insurance companys claim data. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall free of computer viruses. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The system shall prevent malicious attacks including denial of service. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall make the users want to use it. 80% of the users surveyed report they are regularly using the product after the first 2 weeks post-launch. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall be easy to use. 90% of users will be able to successfully reserve a conference room within 5 minutes of product use. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall give users feedback when necessary. 80% of the users surveyed report that the product accurately confirms their actions. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall allow the user to select a chosen language from one of the target market countries. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall allow for customization of start page and views preferences. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: (  An employee will be able to successfully use the product within a few minutes.  After informally navigating the product for less than 15 minutes  users shall be able to successfully setup meetings and reserve conference rooms. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall use a standard navigation menu familiar to most web users. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall allow for intuitive searching of available conference rooms. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall conform to the Americans with Disabilities Act. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( A new user must be able to be added to the system within 10 minutes.  90% of new users are able to log into the system within 10 minutes. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( Every registered user will have access to the product?s support site via the Internet.  70% of registered users shall find a solution to their problem within 5 minutes of using the support site. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: (  The product shall be translated into foreign languages other than the target market countries? languages in future releases.  For each emerging target market  it shall take no more than 5 days to configure the product for that market?s language. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall ensure that only company employees or external users with company-approved user IDs may have product access.  100% of all logons shall be by either company employees or external users with company-approved user IDs. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( Only managers are able to perform search queries for reservations by user.  100% of all search queries for reservations by user shall be from logons of only management logons. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall ensure that the database?s data corresponds to the data entered by the user.  Each conference room reservation in the system will contain the same information as was entered by the user. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall prevent the input of malicious data.  The product and/or adjacent hardware/software systems? data shall remain 100% uncorrupted each time malicious data is input into the product. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall have the ability to receive automatic software updates as new threats emerge.  100% of customers will be able to receive automatic software updates transmitted to the installed product. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall be able to display calendar dates and times according to the user?s locale.  90% of survey respondents from each target market country will find that the date and time formatting of the product is correct. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The System shall maintain consistent security.  Any changes in user passwords and/or permissions should take affect in all parts of the System. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The System shall granularly control access rights to all major subsystems.  It should be possible to assign access rights to all subsystems independently. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product should be able to be used by 90% of novice users on the Internet. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: (  Users should only have to navigate through a maximum of 4 pages  to create an account with the website. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( Users should be able to access their streaming movies in under 2 clicks after logging into the website. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( An anonymous survey will show that 70% of customers are comfortable purchasing streaming movies after 2 weeks using the website. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( An anonymous survey will show that 95% of customers are comfortable using and purchasing pre-paid cards after a month of using the system. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall retain the customer?s buying preferences and information. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall be easy for customers with novice skills on the  Internet to purchase and watch streaming movies.  Customers should be able to purchase and watch a pre-determined movie in under 3 minutes. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall use symbols and words that are naturally understandable by users familiar with websites )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The website will use standard Internet conventions when interacting with the user. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: (  All credit card information will be secured on the server  and only accessible by authorized Izogn administrators.  Information will be encrypted in the database. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The website will provide a help section with answers and solutions to common problems. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( Only registered customers can purchase streaming movies. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: (  A customer can only stream a movie if they purchased it  and are within the 2 day viewing period. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( Only authorized personnel can access customer records in the database. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( Only administrators can activate a pre-paid card. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( Only authorized personnel can access sales information. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The website shall prevent its data from being corrupted when incorrect data is entered in. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: (  The website shall protect itself from intentional abuse  and notify the administrator at all occurrences. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( Data integrity scripts will be run on a weekly basis to verify the integrity of the database. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: (  The website shall make its user aware of its information practices before collection data from them via a Privacy Policy  accessible on all pages of the website. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The system shall notify customers of changes to its information policy. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The system shall reveal private information only in compliance with the organization?s information policy. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: (  All customer information will be stored on a secure database  accessible only to authorized personnel. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( All credit card information will be encrypted in the database. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The streaming server will have anti-virus software to prevent infection of malicious viruses. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall be intuitive and self-explanatory.  Nine out ten users shall be able to successfully complete a game with no training. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: (  The product shall be available to players who understand English  Spanish and French.  The product shall allow the user to select the language upon accessing the product. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall provide players no access to information that might reveal the identity of another player )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The system shall be easy to use by callers and supervisors. Callers and supervisors must be able to accomplish any system task within 2 minutes. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The system shall be easy to learn by callers and supervisors. Callers and supervisors shall learn how to use the system within 10 minutes. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall ensure that only supervisors can advertise empty time slots.The product must ensure that supervisors are allowed to access advertise empty time slots. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall ensure that only supervisors can enter a caller?s schedule.The product must ensure that supervisors are allowed to access advertise empty time slots. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall ensure that only supervisors can view schedule of all callers.The product must ensure that supervisors are allowed to access advertise empty time slots. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall provide Monitoring Services.The product shall be easy for System Administrators and DBAs to use after two weeks of usage. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall provide Error Tracking Services.The product shall help the System Administrators and DBAs to resolve transaction errors 99% of the time. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall provide Portals.The product shall help System Administrators to analyze the transactions with ad-hoc reporting and KPIs (Key Performance Indicators) )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: (  The product shall have security.The product shall provide authentication  and authorization. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall information Security. The product shall enable privacy by encryption WS-Security and Integrity Checking. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The product shall have audit capabilities.The product shall store messages for a minimum of one year for audit and transaction tracking purposes. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The system must use a point and click interface. 100% of all selection and navigation functionality must be able to be activated/selected by either a mouse or a keyboard )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The interface shall be easy to use. 90% of users should be able to successfully use the system to generate a report on their first use. The interface should adhere to IBM usability standards. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( Rreports must be easy to generate. eports must be generated within one button click and exported within one button click (after selecting the report) )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( A user shall be able to use the system without instruction after a short amount of time. After one use a user should understand and remember 90% of the system usage and navigation. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( All CCR users shall receive training before the WCS system is deployed. One training session will be held for 100% of CCR users before system deployment (based on a CCR user being available) )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The WCS system shall use appropriate nomenclature and terminology as defined by the Corporate Community Grants organization. All interfaces and reports will undergo usability tests by CCR users. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The system shall only be accessed by authorized Corporate Community Grants (CCR) employees. Users must be authenticated using their IBM intranet user name and password. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The WCS system shall not allow automatic logins by any user. Cookies containing WCS login information about a user will not be stored on a user?s computer. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( Each team owner will need to use a username and password in order to be authenticated to reach the team owner?s page )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: ( The Commissioner will be the only authorized user per league to adjust league settings. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: (         A new user shall be able to navigate through the league and team pages within 30 seconds of reaching the start-up page. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: (         Users shall be able to reach the ?add?  ?drop?  and ?trade player? pages with one click from the team owner?s page. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: (         Users shall be able to view at least 25 NFL player statistics and points on each page. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: ( The application shall ask the user to confirm dropping a player or trading a player before performing the action. )  is a usability requirement.
The software requirement: (         Only authorized user shall access the RFS system. ONLY users that exist in the UAS system  with the RFS system assigned to their role(s)  shall access the RFS system and use it. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: (         User access should be limited to the permissions granted to their role(s) Each level in the PCG hierarchy will be assigned a role and users will be assigned to these roles. Access to functionality within RFS system is dependent on the privileges/permission assigned to the role.. )  is a security requirement.
The software requirement: (         The users should be able to easily use the system to successfully complete their budgets  within the stipulated time for completion. With a week of training prior to product implementation  98% of the users shall complete their budgets within the stipulated time. )  is a usability requirement.
